Homework 10: Hiring Continues

CS302, Spring 2022

**Homework Due** **11:59 PM, Wednesday, April 6th**

**Comment Due** **10:00 AM, Friday, April 8th (Right before class)**

**Responses:** [**<u>Document</u>**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oz-LoVCZ6wnIVkhbbLwrsKB93qAkCZj5vXa8hnyG0KY/edit#heading=h.29q7tivs0jmk)


## Hiring Continues

Part of your homework is to continue with hiring.

Nothing to turn in for this part

## Hiring Status Update!!

Time for a checkin on how hiring is going. Please give us a status update on all things related to hiring for your course.

Some questions to consider in your status update:

1.  How many new applicants applied?

2.  How many return applicants applied?

3.  How many interviews have you done?

4.  How many interviews do you have left?

5.  How many candidates have you identified as definite hires?

6.  (If not enough applicants) Where do you plan on advertising your course application next?

## Staff Onboarding Documentation

Documentation is important to have for both new course staff and returning course staff to get up to speed with the course and have a central document for all important information and changes.

Create a 1-2 page document introducing staff to the course and what they need to know. Especially highlight changes to the teaching plan from previous semesters (new/deprecated topics, logistics changes, etc.), and any aspects unique to summer semesters (versus fall/spring semesters).

## Rubric (Do this for full credit)

- (Team) Write your hiring status update on the [<u>responses document</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oz-LoVCZ6wnIVkhbbLwrsKB93qAkCZj5vXa8hnyG0KY/edit#heading=h.29q7tivs0jmk)

- (Team) Link your Staff Onboarding Documentation on the [<u>responses document</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oz-LoVCZ6wnIVkhbbLwrsKB93qAkCZj5vXa8hnyG0KY/edit#heading=h.29q7tivs0jmk)

- (Due 10:00 AM Friday) (Individual) Left 1 or more comments on 2 other courses’ Staff Onboarding Documentation on the [<u>responses document</u>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oz-LoVCZ6wnIVkhbbLwrsKB93qAkCZj5vXa8hnyG0KY/edit#heading=h.29q7tivs0jmk)
